yes
Yes Yes
hello welcome and welcome once
more to the channel what I bring today is
a new edition of my facial routine
daily and I will delete the previous video
of this because I did not like how it was
so that's what I wanted to record again like that
that if they had commented please please
leave your comments below and your
little fingers up if they want it that way
and good to start the first thing that I
I do when I wake up with a face
awesome dream is to occupy a very gel
cleaning
I have this garnier that is for skin
normal friendship
and 150 ml and it is in gel texture
it's like that
but he can not focus my little camera
and it's super good I take a little bit the
first it is with my face then moisten
my hands
a little bit in the middle of the
hands of water so I produce foam and
then applied all over my face and leather
The product recommends applying it only in
the zone t because as it is for mixed skin
it's like to release the fat from that
zone but I apply it on the whole face
and I have absolutely no
problem so it's going really well and that
is what I occupy after obviously in
I play and I continue with the routine what I do
next is to take from these discs
express makeup remover of the redonditos
and moisten it with my tonic
revitalizing my idea which I like
a lot because it's also for my kind of
skin and cool in a way
awesome apart the cleaning gel
with a feeling like hydrated
super rich and that's why I also like it
because he complemented it with
the tonic suddenly feel the
need that I do not have to use cream
because it leaves me so hydrated the gel but
Like I occupy this obviously apart
has the factor 15 is the viola and riba
albert de nivea is a super rich cream
It is white and has a texture
which is absorbed quickly hydrates
very much and for my skin type it goes
super super first what I do next
it's with a lip moisturizer
anyone can be far can be
a blister moisturize my lips to
then start the makeup routine
and that's my morning facial routine
when I do it at night after
I did my make-up routine I'm going
to upload in another video what I do is
occupy this cream
that in texture is similar I would say that
almost equal to the little jar cream of that
the typical blue body
it's like this is super compact and uses it or high
and it is not lowered by its texture
thick and this one occupied him for what they are
the cheeks that is like the dry part
of my skin and then occupied is also
at night for what is the area and the
neck is super super but those two
creams and then I wake up with my face
super super rich so
and I forgot before applying the
cream in the night applied this again
the tonic and the creams so that 's my
daytime and evening facial routine and
I hope you like it, you know, they subscribe
little fingers up if they like me and I'll leave you
my information in the information box
bye